Buddha congratulations uncle
It's a pity to calculate the price
This hand can no longer be calculated by God
hand
Divide the father first
parent
The king committed many evils in his early years
He's been living in sin all these years
He died of exhaustion.
This god will not let go of any guilty person
I won't take my anger on any innocent person
Now the heinous minister Batian is dead
I can let you and your daughter live
All businesses must be closed
From now on, be an ordinary person
Ah, it's over.
Thank you Shen Shuai
Bodhisattva finger
Study medicine well
My father is heartbroken
Forgive me
Wish to be with Junshan for a long time
Destiny
sinuoqing
Yeah, let me go
I'll let you keep our promise
What promise?
September Day in the Church
Heroes save beauty